Key Concepts
Source code SHOULD BE stored within GitlabEE with pipelines already defined.
One cluster Kubernetes for Automation (Build, Deploy)
One Gitlab Runner per application inside cicd namespace in automation kubernetes cluster.
Each Gitlab runner is running with a service account <uniquesia-uniqueirn-runner> (for good isolation between application's jobs).
Each Gitlab runner have a Kubernetes Role (inside cicd namespace)
Service account <sia-irn-runner> is attached to this Kubernetes Role using a RoleBinding.
For each Gitlab runner, we create a <sia-irn-builder> namespace to run GitlabCI Jobs inside.
Jobs running with a service account that have a limited permission inside the <uniquesia-uniqueirn-builder> namespace.
One Job are not allowed to see other jobs.
Runners have their Resource Quota (MUST BE defined)
After tests and build steps job MUST push a Docker image inside DEV DTR.
Once the image is available inside DEV DTR, Helm is launched to install/upgrade a release inside the RUN (dev) Kubernetes cluster.
Helm must use a GCP Service account that have one permission (PortForward)
Tiller SHOULD BE installed inside each namespace and can interact with artifcatory to pull Charts.
Tiller is running as a <tiller> service account with a limited permission inside the specified namespace.
Tiller Kubernetes Service MUST BE Deleted. (Security reason)
Tiller Kubernetes Deployment MUST BE patched to listen only on localhost.
One all validation steps are satisfied, Helm can install/upgrade releases in RE7/OPE environments.
For RE7/OPE env, architecture process can be different (MUST BE defined)
What we need to prepare for each application

For each application we should create:

Inside GCP.
Service Account <sia-irn-env-sa> with a custom GCP Role (Deny All Inside the <env> cluster)
This SA can list clusters and get credentials.

Inside the GKE Automation Cluster.
Namespace <uniquesia-uniqueirn-builder>
ResourceQuota for this namespace (MUST BE defined)
Gitlab Dedicated Runner
Service Account (cicd)
Role (cicd)
RoleBinding (cicd)
Job Service account (uniquesia-uniqueirn-builder)
Job Role (uniquesia-uniqueirn-builder)
Job RoleBinding (uniquesia-uniqueirn-builder)
Release of gitlab-runner chart.
Inside DEV/RE7/OPE Kubernetes clusters.
Namspace <uniquesia-uniqueirn>
ResourceQuota for a this namespace (Default ResourceQuota MUST BE Defined)
Patched tiller inside the namespace with Specific Kubernetes Role (Do only what the application Chart need).
Role (Just PortForward to tiller Pod inside the <uniquesia-uniqueirn> namespace)
RoleBinding (To bind the gcp Service Account with the Just PortForward Port Role)
